Docs pass: architecture, cluster READMEs, ADRs, changelog for Epic #345 (#369)
osowski/confluent-platform-gitops: README.md

- **flink-demo** - Demo cluster for Confluent Platform for Apache Flink (flink-demo.confluentdemo.local)
- **flink-demo-rbac** - Multi-tenant RBAC variant with Keycloak OAuth, MDS authorization, and group-based namespace isolation (flink-demo-rbac.confluentdemo.local)

> - **flink-demo-rbac-mtls** - RBAC variant of flink-demo-rbac, adding mTLS on the Kafka↔KRaft controller and inter-broker replication paths (flink-demo-rbac-mtls.confluentdemo.local). Service-account/client auth still goes through Keycloak OIDC — migrating that to mTLS as well is still work in progress.

Author: ```suggestion
- **flink-demo-rbac-mtls** - mTLS-based variant of `flink-demo-rbac`, instead of OIDC and SSO. **Currently a work in progress.**
```
